Chapter 1005: The Fall of Falcon Scott (23)


Sunny did not recall falling asleep, but he was woken up by someone banging on the hatch of the Rhino. Sitting up, he looked around and realized that he must have passed out while studying the weave of the Midnight Shard. The austere tachi was still laying on the holographic table, glinting as if to mock him.

He had almost solved the problem. That elusive element of the weave was almost isolated, but to

As someone banged on the hatch once again, making the massive APC shake a little, Sunny flinched, rubbed his face, and went to the hatch.

"Coming! Who the hell "

He opened the hatch and froze, swallowing the rest of his irritated shout.

"Oh, ah  Master Jet. Good  morning?"

She glanced at him with amusement.

"Technically, it's evening. Go wipe the drool off your face and come out, Sunny. We've been summoned to attend a meeting."

He frowned, then threw an angry look at the gloomy shadow, which was hiding in the darkness not too far away. The bastard was supposed to warn him if anything approached, protecting Sunny from a sudden attack  or from embarrassing himself, in theory.

The shadow shrugged innocently and looked away.

Shaking his head, Sunny returned inside and quickly washed his face. A couple of minutes later, he left the APC and closed the hatch behind him. Since Soul Reaper mentioned that he had to come out, they were most likely heading for the complex that the local branch of the First Army Command used as headquarters. It was only a short distance from the barracks.

Indeed, Jet walked in that direction, with Sunny following as he looked around with sleepy eyes. A few moments later, he asked:

"What is the meeting about?"

She shrugged.

"We'll find out. All I know is that White Feather wants to see us."

'White Feather, huh '

The two of them made their way to the army headquarters, but then walked past it, approaching a heavily fortified compound instead. Winter and Dale were already waiting for them near the gates, looking as ragged and fatigued as Sunny.

He greeted them.

"I heard you retook Breach C yesterday? Must have been a tough fight."

Dale simply shrugged.

"Not really. We still hold both sections of the wall above the breach, so all I had to do was persuade the abominations to stay put until the garrison forces shredded them with ranged weapons."

He remained silent for moment, and then added:

"Things would have been much worse if they were better climbers, though."

Sunny nodded somberly.

Together, they entered the compound and were led to a spacious room on one of the underground levels. There, two people were waiting for them.

Master Roan was standing in front of a false window, studying the projected image of the night sky. His face was painted ghostly green by the ethereal tapestry of the swirling aurora. Saint Tyris was motionless, sitting in an imposing chair with her back held straight.

Sunny had not seen Sky Tide in a while — at least in her human form. She looked  battered.

Her elegant armor was bent and broken, white steel marred by dried blood. Her hair, which had once fallen down like a cascade of pale gold, now looked lifeless and bleak. Her dazzlingly beautiful face was pale, blackened by ugly bruises.

It seemed that holding the Winter Beast back was taking a toll on the Transcendent of the White Feather clan.

 Her expression was still aloof and stern, however, and her amber eyes burned with the same fierce, cold resolve.

Master Roan turned at the sound of the steps.

"Ah. Ascended Jet, Ascended Winter, Ascended Dale, Sunless  welcome. Sorry for the sudden invitation."

Sunny noticed black circles under the handsome man's eyes. Roan was acting uncharacteristically subdued, his usual charisma gone. That did not bode well.

Master Jet waved a hand.

"War waits for no one. What did you want to discuss?"

Roan smiled slightly.

"Straight to business  well, it is for the best. There is not much time to prepare."

He walked away from the false window and stopped beside Sky Tide, then gestured at the holographic projection in front of them. On it, the map of the surrounding area disappeared, replaced by the blurry image of a grotesque creature.

Leathery wings, lean body with six segmented legs, a tail that ended with a long, jagged stinger  and three long necks, each ending in a harrowing circular maw. The abominations looked like a mix between a wyvern, a worm, and a scorpion. It was large, formidable, and utterly hideous.

"Our scouts have confirmed that the Devouring Cloud has produced a new Tyrant. A Fallen one, but still a dire threat to the survival of the city. The creature mostly hides within the swarm, controlling it from behind."

Winter cursed.

"Yeah. We figured as much, after the last time."

Master Roan slowly nodded.

"It is our priority to eliminate the Tyrant. The Devouring Cloud will descend on Falcon Scott today. You will be the blade to strike its puppeteer down."

The Irregulars glanced at each other. After a short pause, Jet asked:

"How do you know that the swarm will come?"

Roan scowled slightly, but before he could answer, Saint Tyris suddenly spoke:

"Because our clan will lure it here."

The four Ascended grew silent, looking at her incredulously. Sky Tide met their gazes with a calm expression, her face as motionless as ever. Somewhat stunned by that confession, Sunny asked:

"Why the hell would you do that?"

Sky Tide inhaled deeply, then turned away.

"Goliath draws near. We have to eradicate other threats before he comes. If they attack together  you can imagine the devastation. The window of opportunity grows narrower with each day, so we can't passively wait for the Devouring Cloud to return anymore. So, Roan and other Awakened warriors of my clan will lure it here. Today."

She glanced at the Irregulars, studied them for a few moments, and added:

"Ascended Winter will contain the swarm. Roan will bring the Tyrant down. The three of you will make sure that the creature never takes flight again. That is the battle plan."

Sunny smiled darkly.

"What if Winter fails to hold back the swarm? What if Roan fails to isolate the Tyrant? What if the three of us fail to kill it in time?"

Saint Tyris gazed at him for a while, her amber eyes both beautiful and cold. Then, she uttered simply:

"Don't fail."

Master Jet laughed. Shaking her head, she patted Sunny on the shoulder and walked toward the projection of the Fallen Tyrant.

"Alright. I like that plan. Let's discuss the details "

***

The discussion did not take long. Soon, the Irregulars uttered their goodbyes to Sky Tide and headed to the exit, each in a hurry to prepare for the coming battle. Sunny, however, stayed back after a bit of hesitation.

When there were only three of them left in the room — Sky Tide, Roan, and him — Sunny peeked at the battered Transcendent with a complicated expression.

After a few moments, he said:

"You must have heard that another of Valor's Saints was killed."

Saint Tyris gaped at him silently, not saying anything.

Sunny tilted his head a little.

"You and I have helped that monster escape from the Night Temple. If it weren't for you, I would have been dead, and Mordret would have still been contained. Do you regret saving me now that he is out there, slaughtering people?"

Sky Tide remained motionless for a bit, then trembled her head.

"No."

A pale smile appeared on Sunny's face.

"Why?"

She sighed.

"Years ago, when the young Prince of War came to the Chained Isles, I offered him my hospitality. Like any other Awakened, he was under my protection  roaming the Dream Realm in search of something, much like you did. When Valor plotted to ambush and eliminate him, I followed orders and did nothing to prevent it. I have carried the shame of that wrongdoing ever since."

He pondered her words for a few moments.

"They had a very good reason to get rid of him, though. That guy is like a Nightmare Creature. There's not much human left in him."

Saint Tyris gazed him in the eye, her beautiful face expressionless.

"Is it worth it, to do the wrong thing for the right reason? No. Life is unpredictable, and the future is unclear. All we can strive for is to act according to our principles, and do what we consider right. The rest doesn't matter."

Sunny gazed around, his gaze lingering on the traces of dried blood on Sky Tide's armor. His eyes turned dark.

"Doing the right thing is what got you and your clan banished to this hellhole."

She gazed at the false window, where the image of the night sky was projected. A full moon was shining on its velvet expanse, surrounded by the lights of the ghostly aurora.

A hint of some deep, hidden emotion appeared on Sky Tide's beautiful face. After a while, she said:

"The sky is suffocating here. But other than that  this is precisely where I wanted to be."

Sunny lingered for a few moments, then bowed slightly to Master Roan, and silently strode away.

He had to prepare for battle.





