Chapter 1074: Authority


Sunny looked down, at the rolling sea of clouds. He was considering Neph's words.

Some of what she said was common knowledge people had long theorized that there was a profound meaning to the way the Spell named different Ranks. Ascended were called Ascended because they had risen above their human nature, Transcendent were called Transcendent because they had broken past it, assuming some traits of the divine.

The Supremes, then, took another step toward Godhood, and that step seemed to be tied to authority. It made sense, really. because that progression was similar to how Nightmare Creatures grew in Class the Tyrants were all about rule and authority, too.

However, there was something in what Nephis had told him that caught Sunny's attention. He glanced at her and asked:

"Did you say "start" to coalesce their Domains?"

That word meant much more than one would think. If there was a start, there also had to be an end. much more importantly, it hinted that a Domain was not something that Supremes simply gained.

There was a process to it.

Neph smiled.

"Indeed, you caught on to the very heart of the issue. The Domains are not set in stone as all other forms of power, they can change and be changed. Simply put, a Domain can grow - in fact, I suspect that it must grow for a Supreme to realize his or her potential. And, therefore, a Domain can also be diminished."

Sunny's eyes gleamed. He was starting to understand

'I see. I see now of course! It makes so much sense.!

He looked at her intently, the shadows around him growing darker.

"And how exactly do Domains grow?"

Changing Star lingered for a moment, then turned to look at the sky.

"Well it is hard to say. All Domains are unique, after all, just like all Aspects are unique. However, there are some common things that all of them most likely share. So, I would say that there are two ways. One is the natural way - that was how the ancient people of the Dream Realm spread their authority and built their Domains."

Sunny slowly nodded. People like Noctis and Auto of the Nine had also been Awakened however, he knew very little about how they reached higher Ranks of power. There had been no Nightmares in the ancient past, nor had there been the Spell.

The Spell

Nephis noticed the look of realization on his face and nodded.

"Yes. The Spell provides training wheels for the. Awakened of the lower Ranks, creating a harrowing, but swift and streamlined road for them to reach greater power. There are so many tools it gives us, that we take for granted. So why wouldn't it provide assistance to the Sovereigns, as well?

The Spell has created a straightforward way for the Supremes to expand their Domains.!

She took a step back and placed her hand on the ivory wall of the great pagoda.

"Do you get it yet?"

Sunny stared, silent. A few moments later, he said in a low voice:

"The.. Citadels?"

Neph smiled.

"Correct. No matter what authority you wield, it can only spread through two mediums I think.

Territory, or people. The Citadels naturally encompass both. We. knew all along that the Spell creates the.

Gateways, which serve as the heart and purpose for the existence of the Citadels.

However, as it turns out, there is more to it. Much more

She lingered for a few moments, then frowned.

"I am not too sure about the true scope of what functions the Citadels hide. What I do know, however, is that Saints already have the ability to bind them. lіghtnоvеlcavе․соm. We have not found out what this binding entails, exactly, but I think it is safe to say that if a Saint serves a Sovereign and takes control of a Citadel, the Sovereign's Domain expands."

Changing Star hesitated.

"It also seems that not all Citadels are created equal. There are some that are very special, and much more desirable like Bastion, or Ravenheart. Or this island. It is not a coincidence that each of the great clans had fought to conquer one of the locations marked on the map you found in the Ebony Tower."

Sunny looked at her sharply, considering the implications. Bastion, Ravenheart, the Ivory Tower from what he knew, each of these places had served as the stronghold of one of the daemons. The House of Night was in possession of the fourth one. The fifth was located in the utterly lethal hollow Mountains which clan Valor had nevertheless put a lot of effort into exploring, disregarding the danger. And the sixth one - the last one, considering that Weaver did not seem to have possessed a stronghold - the sixth one.

Was the black pyramid far to the cast. The pyramid that seemed to be somehow tied to the Chain of Nightmares.

Sunny took a deep breath.

"So, what exactly are you trying to say?"

Nephis shook her head.

"Isn't it obvious? Both Anvil of Valor and Ki Song need to expand their spheres of influence to perfect their Domains. However there are only so many human Citadels to go around.

Which means that two

Domains - or at least these particular two Domains - can't coexist. For one to be perfected, it has to swallow the other."

She grew quiet for a moment, and then said somberly:

"That is the true reason for the war between their clans."

Sunny looked away, an ugly grimace contorting his face. A sense of dark, vicotts anger was smoldering in his heart.

Neph sighed.

"Antarctica will be the first major battlefield of this war, but it won't be the last. Most of it will trapper) in the Dream Realm after both sides deliver their strikes. But the first act is also the most important if one of the clans manages to gain momentum in the Southern Quadrant, their advantage might very well snowball into an unstoppable avalanche. So, their clash in Antarctica will be extremely fierce and bloody. in fact Anvil is sending his own daughter there. Morgan will lead Valor forces in the Southern Quadrant. That alone shows how serious his intentions are."

Changing Star studied the clear skies, then turned to Sunny and said, her voice even:

"So now, do you understand?"





