Chapter 1165: Warmth of Affection


Human homes were like a titan. They were full of countless things. From the floor panels to the smallest trivialities, each thing had been designed and created by someone. The materials used in the creation of the things had been produced by someone else. Vehicles that someone had assembled transported them over roads that someone had built.

The amount of effort and life hiding in each human home was staggering. The scale of it was so inconceivable that Mordret could only compare it to something he was more familiar with - an abomination so vast that its mere existence was a calamity.

But really, the waking world was so much more than that. The only creature it could truly be compared to was a god.

'A dead god, maybe.'

Humans were like ants, but he could easily imagine them as carrion worms wriggling as they feasted on a divine corpse.

He could imagine it vividly.

"Honey! Come eat!"

Mordret was looking at the world through the child's eyes.

He put down his toys and ran to the kitchen. He climbed on a chair and grinned at his mother. He made a face at the plate full of expensive, naturally grown vegetables and pouted.

He allowed himself to be coaxed into eating some.

'I can't taste it.'

Mordret felt a slight disappointment as he studied the mother's face. She was looking at him with a smile. Her eyes were brimming with affection.

Being loved by someone was a novel feeling. But what would it feel like to love someone instead?

Curious, Mordret thought about taking the mother's body and caring for the kid. Would it feel rewarding? Would it feel burdensome? Would it feel nice?

There was an easy way to find out.

However, Mordret stifled his curiosity and remained still.

As the kid chewed on the vegetables, the mother idly listened to the news. There was a propaganda report on the screen, with a dignified male voice delivering a report:

"With the Second Evacuation Army en route to the Southern Quadrant, the heroic warriors of the First Evacuation Army are continuing to consolidate their forces on the continent. Just a few days ago, the relocation of refugees from the impregnable siege capital of Falcon Scott was successfully concluded. Under the valiant leadership of Saint Tyris of the White Feather clan, the casualties among the rank and file of the army were minimal"

Mordret smiled at the mention of a familiar name. Sky Tide was still alive, it seemed. He was satisfied among all the Saints he wished to kill, she was the only one who deserved a clean death.

She had indirectly helped him get caught. But she had also indirectly helped him escape. So

'Maybe I won't have to kill her at all.'

For the next few days, Mordret lived the life of a human child. He experienced the heat of summer, the warmth of being cared for by a loving mother, the delight of playing with friends, and the excitement of learning letters with a tutor.

It was all fun, but he quickly grew bored.

'The other would have loved it, though.'

Feeling his mood turn dangerous at the thought, he chased it away.

Mordret was sincere when he told the kid that he never felt sad. But he was not completely emotionless. There were things he could feel: satisfaction, contentment, pleasure anger, resentment, contempt

And hatred, of course.

And although he hated his traitorous father and Asterion, he hated the other the most.

'Ah. No sense in thinking about it.'

He focused his attention back on the present.

The kid he dwelled within was rather stupid, as expected from a child. The child only saw the mother's smile, but Mordret saw what was hidden behind it.

Worry. Fatigue. Loneliness. Fear.

After a few days of idle observation, he left the child and hid within the mother's eyes.

Life was not all warmth and joy from her perspective. She put on a brave face when she was with her son, but when left alone, the woman allowed herself to be weak and scared.

The city was in turmoil. Everything was changing. The distant war was already affecting the daily lives of the citizens her friends, her neighbors, her family - everyone was tense, as if waiting for a storm.

Many people had left with the First Evacuation Army. Even more enlisted and sailed away with the Second.

And now, there was talk of even people from her immediate circle being pulled into the whirlwind of the distant cataclysm.

The woman was not a low-ranking citizen. Her status was special, and so, she knew better than to believe the propaganda.

Mordret observed, absorbing her point of view.

On one sunny morning, the woman received a call. Her face brightened as she brought the communicator to her ear.

"Yes! I see. That is that is wonderful news. How long before oh. That soon? Yes, I understand. He is doing great. He misses you, of course. Don't worry I'll explain. We are very proud of you! Can I can I come see you? Oh, that's wonderful. Yes I'll be there"

After finishing the call, the woman lowered her hands and remained motionless for a few moments. Her lips trembled.

Then, she took a deep breath and put a calm expression on her face.

The woman got ready, putting much more effort than usual into looking nice. Her already unmistakable beauty bloomed even more.

After putting on her favorite dress, she smiled at herself in the mirror and left the apartment.

Of course, Mordret, who was looking at the world through her eyes, did the same.

'How sweet.'

Instead of using public transportation, they summoned an expensive PTV and traveled to an even more luxurious and well-defended part of the city. There, at the very heart of NQSC, a vast complex that resembled a hybrid between an embassy and a fortress lay, large enough to be considered a district of its own.

The woman exited the PTV and approached the security checkpoint. There, an Awakened warrior wearing particular colors - black and vermilion - stopped her with a polite gesture.

She smiled.

"Good morning. I am here to see my husband"





