Chapter 1157: Blood-Nourished Root


It would have been hard to fight the creature dwelling on the dark slide of the island in usual circumstances - after all, below it was the endless expanse of the dark abyss, and humans were not known for their ability to fly. Fighting a Corrupted abomination while hanging from the treacherous stone surface of the underside of the isle was a suicidal task.

Of course, there were ways to gain an advantage even in that situation. Kai, for example, could indeed fly. Sunny could assume the shadow fiend form, which was perfectly suited for just these kinds of battles. Effie was strong enough to dig a path to the creature from the surface in no time - and so on.

None of it was necessary today, though, because they had Cassie and the flying ship. The graceful vessel dove into the Sky Below and descended until the Shipwreck Island, as well as the creature hiding in its shade, was above them. They maintained a safe distance for now, but the main disadvantage was already erased.

Sunny peered into the darkness shrouding the bottom of the isle. There were large cavities in the stone and soil, making the whole island seem like a giant beehive. These caves were narrow and deep, and there was something hiding in their depths.

'Big'

He did not have to rely on his eyes, though.

Cassie let go of the steering oars and stepped out of the runic circle, getting closer to the wooden railings. She observed the dark ravines for a while, then sighed.

"It is a Corrupted Monster. An old and powerful one."

The blind girl could perceive Aspects, Abilities, and Attributes of Awaweked but that power allowed her to learn about Nightmare Creatures, too. Their strengths, their weaknesses, their nature - Cassie was an invaluable source of knowledge in that regard.

And knowledge was the origin of power.

She tilted her head a little.

"It is a plant abomination. Blood-Nourished Root. I I have an idea of how it came to be."

The others looked at her with interest. Sunny raised an eyebrow.

"How would you know that?"

Cassie pointed at the mast of their ship.

"The enchantments of this vessel are meant to be powered by a sacred tree from Heart God's grove. I found a sapling to replace the original tree, which had died when the ship crashed but I think it had not died immediately."

She thought for a few moments.

"The sacred tree must have survived the destruction of the vessel and rooted itself in the soil of the island. However, the Wormvine had been unleashed within the wreck. It grew and suffocated the tree, turning it into a corpse. The roots remained, though and so did Solvane. Her blood seeped into the soil and was absorbed by the roots throughout the centuries. Solvane did not succumb to the Corruption, but the roots did. That was how this monster was born."

A sigh escaped from Cassie's lips.

"In any case, it's vast and ancient, but weak to fire. We can burn the Root to ash without destroying the island."

After she said those words, everyone involuntarily turned to Nephis. Changing Star's expression did not change at all.

A moment later, she said:

"I'll do it."

Sunny shook his head.

"No need."

He knew that Neph could slay the Blood-Nourished Root without too much trouble. She could also lend her flames to him or Saint but that would require her to use her Aspect, which would trigger her Flaw.

For most Awakened, using their Aspects was as natural as breathing - especially so for Sunny, who always observed the world through his shadows. However, Nephis very rarely used her own. Strangers might not have noticed it, but anyone close to her knew that she only activated her Abilities during battles, and even then only the most dire ones.

That was how it had been on the Forgotten Shore, and that was how it was now. Usually, Neph relied on only her physical prowess and skill to fight.

Because she had to burn alive every time she called upon her powers.

So what kind of vacation would it be, if she was forced to go through that suffering in the middle of it?

Sunny glanced at her and shrugged.

"Just summon the Dawn Shard. We'll deal with the creature ourselves."

Each Flaw was a curse, but theirs were curses of a different kind.

By his side, Effie sighed.

"Ah, hell."

A thin layer of polished metal suddenly covered her skin, making the huntress look like a beautiful steel statue. By her side, Kai summoned his ivory armor, as well as the Transcendent bow he had received after slaying the Corrupted Tyrant, Malignant Grave Root. An arrow that seemed to contain a sea of flames appeared on the black string.

Sunny himself summoned the Cruel Sight, which ignited with the incandescent glow of divine flame.

Nephis looked at them with a tense expression.

"I can do it."

Effie smiled.

"Princess at your age, you should really know the difference between can and should. Nobody is doubting that you can kill that monster. But just relax for once and let someone else have fun too, okay?"

With that, the huntress grinned and dashed to the edge of the deck. When she jumped, the enchanted lines shone a little brighter, as if straining to prevent the ancient wood from splintering because of the furious force of her push.

Effie shot through the darkness toward the underside of the island. As she flew, her steel skin suddenly started to shine, turning white-hot. Not a moment later, a massive root appeared from one of the caves and stretched towards the huntress - she twisted, avoiding being grabbed by it and landing on the long wooden tentacle instead. Every spot her incandescent armor touched instantly started to burn.

More roots appeared from within the island.

Kai was already in the air, drawing the string of his black bow.

Sunny, however, was not moving yet.

With a grimace, he called upon the shadows clinging to the underside of the isle. They instantly surged forward, falling upon the roots like guillotine blades. The pressure on Effie and Kai was instantly reduced.

Throwing a glance at Nephis, Sunny summoned the Dark Wing and smiled.

"Yeah, sorry. You'll have to sit this one out."

Then, he brandished the Cruel Sight and pushed himself off the deck.

The battle did not last long.





