Chapter 782: Grand Teacher


On the way back from school, Rain couldn't think about anything else except for the news that she had heard from her classmates. At first, she had dismissed them as a wild rumor, but then her inquisitive nature forced her to check the respectable government portals to make sure. A minute of research revealed that the rumors were true.

Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan, the lost hero of the Forgotten Shore, had Ascended and returned to the real world. She was alive!

'Can't be '

By now, the news were spreading across the network like wildfire. Rain could tell that many of the passengers riding the train with her were thinking and talking about the same thing. Everyone looked shocked and excited.

She did not pay other people any attention, however. There was only one thought on her mind.

She had to tell Sunny!

Her friend and mentor was a member of Changing Star's cohort, after all. More than that, from the hints she had received from Effie and a short conversation she had had with Sunny, Rain knew that there was much more between the two than simple camaraderie.

He had basically admitted as much.

'Sunny will be so happy!'

Despite the fact that she was not supposed to have the next lesson with her young tutor for a few days, Rain decided to bring him the news personally and right away! She simply couldn't wait. Of course, in all her excitement, she had failed to account for the fact that if the news were indeed true, Sunny would have been one of the first people to learn of it.

Full of anticipation, Rain rushed from the tram station to her mentor's house, opened the door, and walked inside. Throwing her backpack into the corner by habit, she took off her shoes and shouted:

"Sunny! Sunny! Are you home? You won't believe "

Then, however, the teenage girl froze with her mouth wide open.

As she watched in stunned silence, the curtain hanging over the entrance to the guest bedroom parted, and a tall, incredibly beautiful young woman walked into the living room. Suddenly, it seemed as if sunlight pouring through the windows became a little bit brighter.

The young woman was slender and graceful, with flawless ivory skin and striking grey eyes. Her face was calm, aloof, and strangely mesmerizing. What shocked Rain much more, however, was that the beautiful stranger's skin glistened with moisture, as if she had just left the shower. She was wearing nothing but one of Sunny's black shirts, leaving her long legs mostly bare.

And her wet hair  her hair  was of a strange silver-white color.

The silver-haired young woman walked toward the kitchen, then stopped and looked at Rain. A hint of confusion appeared on her face. She hesitated for a moment, then said:

"Hey."

Rain raised a trembling hand and pointed a finger at the stranger's head. Her teeth chattered as she forced out:

"You're  you're  you're "

The beautiful stranger raised an eyebrow and remained silent. Rain finally managed to finish her sentence:

"You're Changing Star!"

The last daughter of the Immortal Flame clan tilted her head a little, then shrugged.

"Yes, I am. Who are you?"

Rain swallowed, slowly realizing that she was in the presence of one of the most talented battle commanders and heroes of humanity  a person so renowned that there was hardly anyone in the entire world who did not know her name  and Sunny's  Sunny's 

Remembering the lessons he had taught her, the teenage girl forced herself to calm down — somewhat — and said weakly:

"I am  I am Rain. Sunny is my teacher."

Changing Star remained silent for a moment, studying the unexpected guest. Then, a small hint of a smile appeared on her beautiful face.

"Really? Well I used to be your teacher's teacher. I guess that makes me your grand teacher."

Rained opened her eyes wide.

"Wha "

Changing Star of the Immortal Flame clan  was her what?

The concept simply failed to register.

The supposed grand teacher, meanwhile, walked over to the kitchen counter and poured herself some water. She drank it, then looked at Rain. After a few seconds of silence, she said:

"I'll be staying here for a few days. You can call me Neph."

Rain slowly nodded, not quite sure what she was just told.

Was she sleeping? Was the famous Lady of the Immortal Flame clan in front of her  wearing Sunny's shirt  telling Rain to call her by her fist name? A nickname, even 

If that bastard Sunny had not subjected Rain to stumbling into Song of the Fallen, Raised by Wolves, and Nightingale, she would have probably fainted by now. As it was, Rain was barely able to remain on her feet.

Lady Changing Star  Neph  looked at her attentively, and then suddenly asked a strange question:

"Rain  does your home have a big window and a lawn?"

Rain silently nodded.

"Yes? Why?"

Neph lingered for a moment, and then turned away.

"Just wondering."

Then, she looked toward the living room area and sipped her water.

"Oh. By the way, do you know how to control the entertainment system of this house?"

Rain nodded again.

"Uh  yes, I do."

Changing Star smiled with satisfaction.

"Great. I was told that there is a movie about me. Can you put it on the projector?"

Rain made a deep breath, obediently walked over to the projected, connected it to her communicator, and searched for the Song of Light and Darkness on the network.

A few minutes later, she found herself sitting on the sofa next to Master Changing Star  the legendary heiress of Immortal Flame  as the somber music reverberated all around them. The movie was starting.

'Am I  am I dreaming? This can't be real, can it?'

On the wall in front of them, the interior of a spacious and brightly lit room appeared. A handsome man with dark circled under his eyes was studying a map  while a little girl with silver hair was playing on a carpet near him.

The man was speaking:

"we, Awakened, only raise arms to protect humanity!"

Sitting next to Rain, Nephis sighed and palmed her face.





