Chapter 761: Burning Candles


The next morning, Sunny approached the massive red gates of the Academy and stood there for a few moments, looking at the countless thousands of candles that burned in front of the deep moat surrounding it. Their flames swayed and shone through the falling snow, turning into a beautiful sea of orange radiance.

Back when the Dreamer Army had suddenly returned from the Forgotten Shore, rising a storm with their unexpected resurrection, people started placing these candles in front of the Academy for the one who had stayed behind  the last daughter of the Immortal Flame clan, Changing Star. Some believed that Nephis would not die until at least one candle continued to burn.

As long as it burned, the Immortal Flame would not be extinguished.

Now, two years later, the number of candles had not diminished one bit. In fact, there were more of them than ever. Changing Star's legend had not only remained alive, but continued to grow and spread.

At first, the candles might have been just a desperate gesture by those who hoped against all odds that she would remain alive, but with each day that Nephis somehow defied death and continued to persevere, alone in the cursed darkness of the Dream Realm, her fame and influence rose.

No one could explain how she was managing to survive in the desolate, lightless abyss of the Forgotten Shore, but she undoubtedly had not succumbed to its indescribable horrors. Sunny knew it better than anyone but others knew, as well.

The government was not shy about fanning the flames of the misguided fervor and use Nephis to fuel the propaganda machine, painting her as the symbol of the noble and unbreakable spirit of humanity. It was easy for them to confirm that Changing Star still lived, after all. Unlike those who turned Hollow, someone like her showed signs of brain activity similar to that of a dreaming person. So, they did not even have to invent false proof.

By now, there were at least a hundred thousand burning candles placed in front of the Academy, where she slept in a heavily protected underground chamber.

Sunny sighed, then shifted his gaze to a delicate silhouette kneeling in front of the candles. Cassie lit one of her own, waited until some wax melted and flowed to the ground, then place the candle near others and stood up.

She was wearing civilian clothes. Her attire was tidy and mundane, but despite that, no one could mistake her for an ordinary person. The solemn and otherworldly beauty of the blind girl surrounded her like an invisible barrier, making a few people who came to light their own candles stay away, looking at her with stunned reverence.

Not paying them any attention, Sunny scowled a little and walked other. As he approached, it seemed as though the shadows of the burning candles grew a little deeper.

"Welcome back to the real world. When did you arrive?"

Cassie lingered for a moment, then turned to him and smiled a little.

"Just a few minutes ago. My tether is here, in the Academy."

Sunny nodded.

As Masters, they were able to travel to the Dream Realm physically and at will. Once there, they were still bound to a Gateway anchor, and had to use it to return to the real world.

However, at the same time as their connection to the Dream Realm had grown stronger, their connection to the waking world had become a little less absolute. To return, each Ascended had to create a tether — an intangible mark that served as their beacon on the return journey. They would appear at the spot where their tether was placed.

Creating or moving a tether was not too hard, but required some time. Sunny's own was situated in the dojo below his home, but Cassie had to choose where to place hers more carefully. Ambushing a Master at the moment of their return was the best way to catch them in their weakest state. So, the supremely defended Academy was a good choice.

He looked at Cassie with some concern, then asked:

"How  how have you been?"

The young woman smiled.

"Not too bad. We've been busy these last six months. Exploring the Ivory Tower, restoring the flying ship to its true glory  now that I had studied it at its prime, there is a lot more we can do."

Sunny knew that Cassie had spent a lot of time learning from Noctis about his remarkable ship. It seemed that she was putting these lessons to good use.

His face darkened a little.

"Are you still planning to take it over the Hollow Mountains?"

The blind girl sighed.

"Yes  maybe. The Fire Keepers are still too weak to make that journey. But, perhaps  perhaps today's negotiations will change things. Clan Valor knows more about the Hollow Mountains than anyone else, after all."

Sunny scoffed.

"And you think they will just share that knowledge with you?"

Cassie lingered for second, then weakly shrugged.

"Why not? Now that Saint Cormac is dead, someone has to continue his mission."

She hesitated for a bit and asked:

"If we do go  will you come with us?"

Sunny laughed.

"I don't know. Gods  why does everyone suddenly wants me to come with them these days?"

Cassie faced him and remained silent for a few moments. Then, she simply said:

"Because you are strong."

Sunny looked at her with a faint smile, then turned away.

"I guess I am. Anyway  are you ready for the negotiations? Things can go really bad for us, you know."

The blind girl nodded and turned her back to the sea of glowing candles.

"I know."

As she said that, a luxurious black PTV appeared in view, stopping some distance away. Its door slid open, and the representative of the great clan Valor stepped out onto the pavement.

When Sunny saw who it was, his face fell.

He gritted his teeth.

'Crap '

Of all people why did it have to be her?





